Improve cloud-init explanation (#140)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Provisioning_Guide/topics/Resources.adoc

*Finish*

Post-configuration scripts to execute via SSH connection when the main provisioning process completes. You can use Finishing templates only for imaged-based provisioning in virtual or cloud environments which do not support user_data. Do not confuse an image with a foreman discovery ISO, which is sometimes called a Foreman discovery image. An image in this context is an install image in a virtualized environment for easy deployment.

When a finish script successfully exits with the return code `0`, {ProjectName} treats the code as a success and the host exits the build mode. Note that there are a few finish scripts with a build mode that uses a _call back_ HTTP call. These scripts are not used for image-based provisioning, but for post configuration of operating-system installations such as Debian, Ubuntu, and BSD.

*user_data*

> Post-configuration scripts for providers that accept custom data, also known as seed data. You can use user_data only for cloud or virtualized environments. This template can only be used if the image which is being provisioned supports it, a software must be installed and set to start during boot to read the data. A de-facto standard is `cloud-init` which expects YAML input, or `ignition` which expects JSON output. This template does not require {Project} to be able to reach the host, the cloud or virtualization platform is responsible for delivering the data to the image. Various techniques are used like HTTP download or mounting a floppy image.

Author: Sorry for the delay, that is correct. If user does not launch a VM that has such software, input in the user_data field will have zero effect. That's what I am trying to explain here - users do this all the time they launch some random VM expecting Foreman to set it up but if there is no software there is nothing we can do about it.

Both should be "input" that was a typo. You want me to fix this or are there so many grammar errors you need to take from here? ;-)

> Post-configuration scripts for providers that accept custom data, also known as seed data. You can use user_data only for cloud or virtualized environments. This template can only be used if the image which is being provisioned supports it, a software must be installed and set to start during boot to read the data. A de-facto standard is `cloud-init` which expects YAML input, or `ignition` which expects JSON output. This template does not require {Project} to be able to reach the host, the cloud or virtualization platform is responsible for delivering the data to the image. Various techniques are used like HTTP download or mounting a floppy image.

Reviewer: Thank you for the explanation, I have started correcting here and there, so I will take it from here :D

> Post-configuration scripts for providers that accept custom data, also known as seed data. You can use user_data only for cloud or virtualized environments. This template can only be used if the image which is being provisioned supports it, a software must be installed and set to start during boot to read the data. A de-facto standard is `cloud-init` which expects YAML input, or `ignition` which expects JSON output. This template does not require {Project} to be able to reach the host, the cloud or virtualization platform is responsible for delivering the data to the image. Various techniques are used like HTTP download or mounting a floppy image.

Author: Honestly, this is what I was hoping for. The moment I start shaking with words and sentences, it is usually worse and my head tend to explode.

*Finish*

Post-configuration scripts to execute using an SSH connection when the main provisioning process completes. You can use Finishing templates only for imaged-based provisioning in virtual or cloud environments that do not support user_data. Do not confuse an image with a foreman discovery ISO, which is sometimes called a Foreman discovery image. An image in this context is an install image in a virtualized environment for easy deployment.

When a finish script successfully exits with the return code `0`, {ProjectName} treats the code as a success and the host exits the build mode. Note that there are a few finish scripts with a build mode that uses a _call back_ HTTP call. These scripts are not used for image-based provisioning, but for post configuration of operating-system installations such as Debian, Ubuntu, and BSD.

*user_data*

> Post-configuration scripts for providers that accept custom data, also known as seed data. This template does not require {Project} to be able to reach the host, the cloud or virtualization platform is responsible for delivering the data to the image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Post-configuration scripts for providers that accept custom data, also known as seed data. This template does not require {Project} to be able to reach the host; the cloud or virtualization platform is responsible for delivering the data to the image.
```

Ensure that you meet the following requirements to use the `user_data` template:

> * You can use the user_data template to provision virtual machines in cloud or virtualised environments only.

Reviewer 2: If I understood lzap's text correctly, this is just a fact and not a prereq.

* Ensure that the image that you want to provision supports the user_data template.

> * On a host, install the software to read the data and set it to start during boot. For example, `cloud-init`, which expects YAML input, or `ignition`, which expects JSON output. To install the software, you can download it over HTTP, or mount a floppy image, or use any other technique.

Reviewer 2: Again if I read lzap's text correctly (a big if), I think these two prereqs are in fact one? You install the software so that the image supports the template?

Reviewer: I interpreted lzap differenlty. In my view, there is a host - where you must install software to read the data from template, and an image - that you use to provision and that must be able to provision using the  user_data template. Let's ask @lzap, what is correct here?

Author: Guys I apologize I write mystery texts :-)

You need to make sure there is a software installed within the image (you want to lauch through Foreman). You can either get an image that already has cloud-init preinstalled (e.g. Fedora Cloud Image or RHEL image for EC2), or you need to make sure this when building the image on your own (there are several ways how to build images - for example using Image Builder the new service in RHEL8).

> Some platforms, for example VMWare, utilise its own way and format for seeding images; you cannot use cloud-init YAML input in these cases. There is a special template kind named `cloud-init` to directly integrate with cloud-init client. For more information, see xref:Provisioning_Virtual_Machines_in_VMware_vSphere-Provisioning_with_cloudinit_and_userdata_templates[].

Reviewer 2: Do we need this paragraph? It seems pretty similar to the cloud-init paragraph below.

*cloud_init*

> Some environments for example, VMWare, either do not support custom data or have their own format of data that limits what can be done during customization. In this case, you can configure a cloud-init client with the `foreman` plug-in, which attempts to download the template directly from {Project} over HTTP or HTTPS. This technique can be used in any environment, preferably virtualized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some environments, such as VMware, either do not support custom data or have their own data format that limits what can be done during customization. In this case, you can configure a cloud-init client with the `foreman` plug-in, which attempts to download the template directly from {Project} over HTTP or HTTPS. This technique can be used in any environment, preferably virtualized.
```

> Ensure that you meet the following requirements to use the `clod_init` template:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you meet the following requirements to use the `cloud_init` template:
```

> * An image is preconfigured

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An image is preconfigured.
```

> * A provisioned host is able to reach out {Project} from the IP address that matches host's provisioning interface IP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* A provisioned host is able to reach {Project} from the IP address that matches the host's provisioning interface IP.
```

> Note that clout-init does not work behind NAT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that cloud-init does not work behind NAT.
```
